[MUSIC PLAYING]
HOUSSEIN DJIRDEH:
Hello, everybody.
My name's Houssein Djirdeh, and
I'm a web developer advocate
here at Google.
SHUBHIE PANICKER: Hi, everyone.
My name is Shubhie Panicker.
I'm a software engineer working
on the web platform in Chrome.
HOUSSEIN DJIRDEH:
And our talk today
will cover how we at Chrome
have been advancing the web
framework ecosystem in a
number of different ways.
Engineers, managers, advocates,
and everybody on the Chrome
team share a very
common goal, and that
is answering the question
of how we can collectively
make the web better.
Now there's a number
of different ways
that we try and
make this possible.
We continue to improve the
core JavaScript and WebAssembly
engine that powers Chrome.
We also continue to improve
the API surface provided
by the browser so
that developers
are better equipped
with APIs that they
can use to improve how their
sites function and load.
And at another
angle, we also try
to improve websites that are
already in production today.
But things get a
little tricky here.
How exactly should we do this?
For the most part,
we can probably
agree that most web
developers do not
build entirely custom
infrastructure and tooling.
Where possible,
developers usually
prefer to rely on
open source tools.
So one way to improve actual
websites that developers ship
are to improve the actual
tools that are being
used to build those sites.
Better open-source
tooling can directly
result in a better web.
But what exactly do we mean
by open-source tooling?
Well, when it comes to building
a brand new site from scratch,
developers today
have many options.
Client-side
frameworks can be used
to build dynamic and fully
fledged single page apps.
Static site generators are
tools many people use to build
static sites and applications.
People also have the option
to use a content management
system.
And there are also
website builders,
like Wix and Squarespace.
For the purpose of
this talk, we want
to focus on one of these
categories specifically.
Namely, client-side
frameworks and UI libraries.
MDN will soon release the first
edition of their developer
and designer survey
to try and learn more
about the needs and
frustrations of web developers.
With over 28,000 responses,
one interesting result
from this survey was
that 72% of respondents
actively use React, Angular,
or Vue for their sites.
We also tried to
look at this data
from a slightly different
angle and find out
how many sites that use
frameworks make up the top 100
URLs by time spent.
And we found that 30
of the top 100 URLs
use React, Angular, or Vue.
And this does not take into
account many other frameworks
that are available.
We also wanted to
get an idea of how
many actual sites in the
wild use a tool like React.
By using HTTP Archive, we
found that over 350,000 origins
use React in some form.
All this data shows
that frameworks
are used in a lot of sites.
So it's not really just about
advancing the ecosystem itself,
but by doing that, we
would ultimately be
advancing the web as a whole.
SHUBHIE PANICKER: So we've
identified our target audience,
but how can we help?
Most concerns here fall
into two broad categories--
user experience and
developer experience.
So that's UX and DX.
Most of our talk today is
going to be focused on user
experience and performance.
This is an important problem.
Frameworks are struggling
to meet Chrome's targets
for user-centric metrics, like
first contentful paint, largest
contentful paint,
first input delay.
Paul and Elizabeth's
talk covered
what these metrics mean.
Our tooling emphasizes
the initial page a lot.
And this is challenging
for these apps.
On the other hand, they do
well on route transition,
subsequent interactions.
But our metrics don't
reflect this yet.
So how should we invest
in the framework ecosystem
to address both DX
and UX challenges?
We think there's
a big opportunity
here for tooling to help
with both of these problems.
In particular, by
bringing good defaults
and by being opinionated.
So I want to take a
moment here to define
this notion of what we decided
to call a web framework.
It's an end-to-end system
that controls every aspect,
from getting started, everyday
development, to deployment.
It's directly positioned
to impact both UX and DX
by controlling the
server and the client,
the build and the serve, the
dev and the prod environments.
And this is a core premise
of our work in this space.
Through these web
frameworks, we want
to enable developers to
successfully build and maintain
high quality production apps.
So a web framework helps a
developer to be productive.
Building a production
app just requires
too many different moving
parts that the developer
has to reason about
and string together.
This list is just a small subset
of the concerns of a production
app.
And if you are
thinking that I want
to minimize opinions and
integration so I can maximize
my flexibility, consider
embedding yourself
in a team of developers who
are on the hook for shipping
a business critical app.
Developers want to-- and
should-- focus on features.
And I know this from my personal
experience working at Google,
being on the hook on infra
teams for shipping products
like Google Search,
Google Photos.
In addition to
developer productivity,
web frameworks are also
directly positioned
to impact performance and UX.
And this is because
they bring opinions
on things like
server-side rendering,
flushing early HTML
chunks, streaming.
They control how and when
exactly to fetch JavaScript,
CSS, data, and images.
They unlock features,
like progressive delivery,
lazy fetching.
All of this directly impacts
those user-centric performance
metrics.
So I want to take a
moment here to clarify
the distinction between,
on the left, a UI framework
or library versus what I just
defined as a web framework.
UI frame libraries
like React and Vue,
they tend to be agnostic to a
lot of the concerns I mentioned
before.
On the right, we have
fuller featured frameworks
in the ecosystem, like
Next, Nuxt, Gatsby.
Angular and Ember kind
of blurred the line here
by playing both roles.
So if you're starting
to build a new app,
I recommend reaching for a
full-featured web framework
so that developers
on your team can
focus on what matters
most to them, which
is building features.
Starting with a
bare-bones UI framework
means reinventing the
wheel and building
a lot of your own infra.
So we're excited
for all the strides
being made by web frameworks
and UI frameworks in this space.
These are all the
accomplishments
from various frameworks--
Angular, Vue, Svelte,
Ember, Gatsby, and React.
We are in close contact
with the Angular team
and really excited for their
achievements on both UX and DX.
In particular, they share
differential loading,
which reduces polyfill
in modern browsers,
and they have
automatic deployments
to different platforms, to
name a couple of things.
Also, [? Dion ?]
mentioned in the keynote
that we have funded
a number of projects
with the framework fund.
We'll have funding
again next year.
So if you're playing a role
in the framework ecosystem,
providing something of value,
please apply for funding.
This is just another way to
scale beyond our own small team
by helping other teams.
At Google I/O, I mentioned
that we kicked off
an effort in the space directly
collaborating with Next.js.
In particular, we are starting
with performance improvements
first.
Both because this is
an important problem
needing attention,
but also, it wasn't
overlapping with other efforts.
So hopefully at this
point, the choice of React
might be clearer.
It has a huge
developer mindshare,
it's heavily used in
apps where Chrome and web
users are spending their time.
And we found Next.js was the
most production ready web
framework for building a
general purpose React app.
Plus, we're a small team, so
we had to start somewhere.
And finally, we're definitely
counting on and working
towards having ripple
effects and inspired
copying in other parts
of the web frameworks,
like Gatsby, Nuxt,
Angular, Ember, et cetera.
So this investment in
the framework ecosystem
is an additional
space that we missed.
This helps bring the
web platform work
to a lot more developers.
And we realized
as an organization
that our efforts are
better spent collaborating
and contributing to the
framework ecosystem,
instead of competing and
pushing our own frameworks.
And it is in this spirit that
we are contributing to Next.js
instead of building our
own thing from scratch.
So I mentioned that we'll
have a performance focus, both
for our work and this talk.
So which problems should
be addressed specifically?
To understand what's going on
and why [INAUDIBLE] targets
are not being met for
these user-centric metrics,
we did deep tracing on
25 Next and React apps.
And I want to share
some insights,
as it directly informs
the projects that we
are undertaking in this space.
By far, the big issue
that stands out in traces
is this delay in servicing
the first user interaction.
And this is typically from
fetching lots of JavaScript.
So that's all the network
from [? HTTP/2 ?] in yellow
on the left, and
then executing all
of that code on the main thread.
And that's in pink.
And as you can see, that long
execution on the main thread
is blocking the
user's interaction.
So in this case,
it's taking a couple
of seconds on the network and
another two to three seconds
on the main thread.
This is a long
window during which
the user is unable to interact.
This is one reason why
a lot of our efforts
have been focused on JavaScript.
First interaction
isn't the only problem.
We're also seeing slow times
for first contentful paint,
largest contentful paint.
And there's a number
of reasons for this.
For example, the
time to first byte
is low and takes over a second.
We're often seeing sync scripts
in [? head ?] that are render
blocking, including
third party scripts that
tend to sneak in here.
Web fonts are slow, hero images
are slow, and sometimes not
optimized.
And finally, the third
problem I want to mention
is the problem of data.
Data is as important
as JavaScript
for rendering content,
getting the page hydrated.
And we are seeing a lot
of fetching raw data
from REST endpoints, a lot of
post-processing of the results.
And this is a lot of
JavaScript work on the client,
in addition to all the code
that's needed to execute this.
And finally, there
is this waterfall
from cascading fetches
of JavaScript and data.
So I'm going to
hand off to Houssein
to talk about what we are doing
about all of this in Next.js.
HOUSSEIN DJIRDEH:
So one thing we've
been doing the past six months
has been working closely
with the Next.js team
to improve the framework
in a number of different ways.
And we've approached
this by identifying
areas of improvement
along with the team
and slowly incrementing and
adding optimizations one
after the other.
And this was a team effort.
There were quite a
few of us involved
that worked alongside many
amazing folks in the Next.js
team that made it possible to
see a lot of these features
land.
For things that we
worked on, we tried
to find the lowest hanging fruit
that will result in the biggest
impact.
This included improving the
Webpack chunking strategy used
in Next.js, differential
loading to minimize
the amount of polyfilled code
shipped to browsers that don't
need it, a number of
JavaScript optimizations,
improved performance tracking
by instrumenting a few custom
metrics, and roles exploring
our conformance story
to see if we can
generate better errors
and warnings for common
developer [INAUDIBLE]..
To begin, let's start
talking about what
we've been doing to improve
how chunks get generated
in every Next.js application.
We began by leveraging
Webpack's SplitChunksPlugin
to modify how a Next.js app
gets chunked and outputted
to the browser.
We did this by making
sure a separate chunk is
outputted for every third-party
dependency of a certain size.
All framework-specific libraries
like React and ReactDOM
are output in their own
fixed, cacheable chunk.
And the rest of the
application code
is outputted in multiple small
shared chunks that minimize
duplicate code across routes.
The main purpose of
this new strategy
is specifically to limit
code shipped to the browser
to only what is actually
needed for the route itself.
We tried our new
chunking strategy
with a few major
Next.js sites, one
of them being Barnebys.com,
a large search engine
for antiques and collectibles.
Almost immediately we
saw some amazing wins
with granular chunking enabled.
And here you can see a side
by side of the same site
with and without
the feature enabled.
The biggest wins were
noticed after navigating
to multiple routes throughout
the entire application.
You can see that after
navigating through six pages,
the difference in the amount
of JavaScript code fetched
was substantial.
Over a hundred
kilobytes of duplicate
code was shaved using a
better and more nuanced
chunking strategy.
With Barnebys.com, a
23% app size reduction
was noticed with much faster
navigations and improved cache.
And if we take a look at things
in terms of the largest bundle,
the biggest
JavaScript chunk alone
was cut down in size by 30%.
SumUp, another
major Next.js site
that we tested our
chunking strategy on,
saw a reduction in their largest
JavaScript bundle by 64%.
And again, the amazing
thing about these changes
is that it involved no actual
change to the user's code
whatsoever.
This is all by
just turning a flag
on that changed the
chunking strategy to use
our newer granular approach.
Now differential loading
was another optimization
that we worked on.
And the idea behind
differential loading
is to serve modern JavaScript
to modern browsers, which
is often 80% to 90% of traffic.
To do this, we
leveraged the fact
that modern browsers
recognize and load script tags
with type module
and ignore scripts
with a nomodule attribute.
Older browsers don't
recognize these attributes,
so they load the more
aggressively transpiled
and polyfilled nomodule scripts.
By just applying this
simple technique,
we saw a 7% reduction
in the total JavaScript
for Barnebys and other sites.
And that number jumps
to 15% when you look
at only first-party JavaScript.
There is a potential
here to reduce
the size of your JavaScript
by up to 20% with no change
to your code.
So shipping modern code has
some great performance benefits.
However, we wanted to
find ways to optimize
this modern code even further.
And to do this, we've been
working with the Babel team
to improved support for
transpiling modern JavaScript.
Many of us have used Babel
to transpile modern code
so that it works
well in all browsers.
More recently, it's become
common to use Babel preset-env
to target modern browsers.
And we do this by
transpiling code
so that it runs in all browsers
that support script type module
since that gives us
a nice way to send
the code to those browsers.
Today, we're excited to
introduce a new Babel
preset that optimizes
specifically for this case.
It's called
babel/preset-modules,
and it's available
on npm right now.
Let me show you how
it actually works.
Let's say we have this
simple function written
in modern JavaScript.
Compiling this for
modern browsers using
preset-env's target ES modules
outputs a fair bit of code.
But running the same code
through preset-modules
produces this.
It's a lot smaller.
Here's the thing.
Both outputs run in all browsers
that support script type
module.
And this works because instead
of converting modern syntax
to older syntax to
avoid browser bugs,
the preset fixes each
specific bug by transforming
to the closest possible
[? none-broken ?] modern
syntax.
In our example, only one
browser bug affects our code,
and its equivalent
syntax circumvents it.
The result is that
modern code can
be delivered nearly unmodified
to most of your users.
If you're developing
for modern browsers
or using the module
nomodule approach,
we're interested in hearing
how Babel preset-modules can
work for you.
We're also going to be
working on incorporating
these optimizations
back into preset-env,
bringing the benefits
to even more developers.
Another thing we
did was try improve
how we track performance in
a framework like Next.js.
And we did this by leveraging
the User Timing API
to add marks and measures for
key points in the application
lifecycle.
This includes the time
it takes for hydration
to begin after loading a
page and the time it takes
for hydration to complete and
the time it takes for rendering
to start once you
make a rule change,
and similarly, how long it takes
for a page to finish rendering
after navigating to it.
By applying what we
thought were some
of the most important
performance metrics
that should be tracked in a
web framework like Next.js,
we wanted to make
sure developers
don't have to worry
about trying to measure
these nitty-gritty
metrics themselves.
And the amazing thing with
leveraging the User Timing API
is that all these values
will now automatically show
every single time you test the
Next.js page with Lighthouse.
One other thing that
we're currently exploring
is a conformance story so that
better errors and warnings
can be surfaced to the developer
for many common footguns they
may run into.
Earlier in this
talk, Shubhie covered
how there are many
things that developers
need to be wary of
that could affect
the performance of their site,
such as blocking scripts,
web fonts, unoptimized
images, and so forth.
Now all these
things are just some
of the many common
problems that developers
have to deal with when
building web pages.
At Google, we began adopting
a conformance model for many
of the internally built
web frameworks that we use
to build many of our products.
And the idea behind
this conformist model
is that it doesn't
just statically analyze
code but actually tests
for multiple checks
after code has been compiled.
By doing so, we're able to
catch a lot of potential issues
with our final output
that we may not have
noticed until it's too late.
This feature has helped teams
build large scalable apps
while ensuring that code remains
in check as much as possible.
And we wanted to see
the same sort of concept
can be applied to an open-source
framework like Next.js.
For example, what if you
ran a Next.js build and then
you see an error telling
you that you included
a render-blocking script,
preventing you from actually
submitting your changes?
Now this concept builds on
top of the idea of regular
build warnings and errors
by providing checks
that are a lot more precise.
It needs to be
enforced, but we also
want developers to
have the flexibility
to decide what's enforced
within their team,
and we want to do this
by providing some API
control for them to enable
and disable certain checks.
This entire concept is
still very early stages,
and there's a lot that
we need to think about.
But we have an open
RFC, and we would
love to hear any feedback
that you may have.
SHUBHIE PANICKER: So going
back to our slide from before
and looking at this
problem of this large chunk
of JavaScript-blocking
interaction,
we found that even after
all of these optimizations,
we are still seeing 200 and
900k compressed JavaScript,
and this still means
multiple seconds
on the network and
the main thread.
So the most obvious thing
that might come to mind
is ship less JavaScript.
But this means shipping
fewer features.
So again, consider
putting yourself
in the shoes of the
team responsible
for a business-critical app.
It's not practical for them
to drop all their JavaScript
beyond the first
100 or 200 kilobytes
and just remove all ads, tag
managers, and analytics and so
forth.
The point stands though that
features come at a cost,
and JavaScript is particularly
expensive on the main thread.
So we need to
fundamentally uncouple
this trade-off between
features and performance.
So in Next.js we are already
doing all of these things--
compression, minification, tree
shaking, dead-code elimination.
And then Houssein mentioned
the additional optimizations
we add around polyfills,
optimized chunking.
So even after tackling a lot
of this low-hanging fruit,
we are still finding that
JavaScript is too expensive.
So this is a DevTools
Timeline on a Next.js app,
and it shows us what's going
on in the initial page load.
There is this big long task
from setup and hydration,
and that first user
interaction is still blocked
until the script has finished.
So you may have heard of
concurrent mode in React.
It enables progressive
hydration by breaking up
that long continuous task that
involves setup and hydration
into lots of smaller tasks.
It's not that it's
eliminating hydration.
It's that it's breaking
it up and staggering it.
And the idea here is now the
main thread is serviceable.
It can respond to
user interaction.
So we did some work to enable
concurrent mode in ZEIT, so
let's look at the
results from that.
The blocking time
reduced a lot by 53%.
But why isn't it 100% better?
So to understand
that, we're going
to go back to that
original trace
and see what's going on here.
So on the left we are basically
seeing about one third
or half of the slice.
On the left is all
this kind of Webpack
bookkeeping, module
initialization, and setup.
And on the right, we have React
coming in, doing DOM work,
and doing hydration.
The problem is
that both of these
depend on what happens
to be on that page.
So it can vary arbitrarily.
These are two very
different opportunities.
Turning on concurrent
mode immediately
fixed the problem on the right,
but we haven't done anything
about the problem on the left.
So we are actually just
starting to tackle this
by looking at deferring model
initialization and setup.
And the idea here
is that we want
to get to getting that
startup time to be fixed
or constant and decoupled
from the specific contents
or the size of the page.
So once we tackle that, we'll
achieve our fixed startup,
but there's still a
missing piece here.
We still need to be
able to prioritize
the specific
features on the page
that the user actively
interacts with or engages with.
And this is where selective
hydration comes in.
This was announced at
the recent React Conf.
And the idea here is
as the user interacts
with the image carousel
or the left bar
or any of those
components or the top,
those specific items
are prioritized
over everything
else in the page.
So finally I don't want to
leave you with the impression
that turning on
concurrent mode was
as easy as flipping a switch.
This involved pretty
substantial changes to Next.js
to update incompatible concepts.
It required migration
of the target app.
There's still the problem
of third-party npm apps
that need to be upgraded.
And even though this
is a bunch of work,
we are on course to update the
ZEIT app to concurrent mode.
And this is the first big
step towards uncoupling
that fundamental
trade-off between features
and performance.
And you're already
seeing a 53% improvement
in that first interactive
blocking time.
So there's a lot more
beyond performance
in terms of having a
compelling web framework that
makes developers productive.
And at this point,
I want to welcome
our guest, Tim Neutkens--
he's the lead
developer of Next.js--
to talk about how Next.js
helps developers here.
[APPLAUSE]
TIM NEUTKENS: Good
morning, everyone.
So Next solves two things
in the React ecosystem.
It helps you with going to
production really fast but also
with developer experience.
So let's dive in what Next
actually helps you with.
So it's easy to get
started with Next,
but also it's easy to evolve
to larger applications.
So we want to ensure that your
app or site is becoming bigger
and more successful over time
and that your team can actually
get great developer
experience in doing so,
which leads to the next point.
It is great for individuals
but also for teams.
And you can actually do
static site generation
or dynamic rendering per page.
So you can choose
what you want to do
per page as your project grows.
So in short, Next is great
for really simple websites
but also for the most demanding
apps like the largest websites
in the world, for example.
So let's look at what Next
helps you with currently.
As Shubhie said before in
this talk, it was basically
there's a lot of
things that you have
to think about when you're
developing a website or a web
app.
It goes from backend logic
to unit testing, UI component
models, and everything really.
So Next helps you with
a subset of these things
today, which is the backend
logic and server logic.
So it actually helps
you with data fetching
but also with writing API
routes if you want to.
Then there is the
UI component model.
Next obviously uses
React, as we said.
And it helps you just
write React components
and not worry about
all the other things.
Then there is data
flow, and data flow
means data fetching
but also, for example,
how you get data into your app.
Then there is CSS
encapsulation, which
means how you write CSS in
a way that you don't have
to go back and
rewrite everything
later on as you get
encapsulation per component,
for example.
So Next ships with styled-jsx,
which is this library that we
wrote that we think is
pretty great for writing
encapsulated CSS,
but also we allow
you to integrate with
any CSS ingest library
that you would want to use.
So that's styled-components
or Emotion, for example.
Then there is
deployment and releases.
So Next is a bold command that
outputs a production-ready web
application for you.
So you only give it
React components,
and then we build it for
you in a way that actually
is going to work in
production, and we
optimize a lot of different
things in that way.
And when it comes
to hosting Next.js,
the company behind Next.js,
ZEIT, the company I work for,
offers a hosting platform
that is specifically
tailored to Next.js apps.
So they optimize
a lot of things--
[INAUDIBLE],,
obviously, [INAUDIBLE],,
and that kind of thing.
Then there is security.
So security is a really
broad topic, of course,
but Next specifically helps you
with enabling CSP in your app
by default, for example.
It also, through React, helps
you prevent XSS injection
and other things.
As you can see,
however, currently there
are a few things that
Next doesn't cover,
and those are the
things that you actually
have to think about yourself
and investigate and figure out
what you going to do there.
And generally companies end
up writing their own solutions
for this or implementing
their own solution.
However, to give great
developer experience,
we want to help you in
being better at this.
So let's look at what is
currently being investigated
to improve DX for you.
So these sort of things that
we're currently working on
to help you with building more
scalable web applications.
So one of them is translation.
So we're seeing a growth
in websites that are using
a non-English--
that's targeting non-English
speakers, for example.
So that means that there need
to be good internationalization
solutions out there
because otherwise it
gets really hard for
teams to implement this.
They might actually choose
to not implement it at all.
Then there's unit testing.
So unit testing,
integration testing
is a really broad
topic also, but we're
aiming to provide
good defaults for you
to help you not have to
set up all the compilation
and bundling involvement
that are needed
to do unit testing and
integration testing for React,
for example.
There is image handling.
So images make up
a large percentage
of what you show on
a website, right?
But we don't provide
an opinionated way
to load images currently.
So that means that
it's pretty easy
to include images that
are too large or too small
or something that is just
not optimized enough.
So we're working on that also.
Then there's analytics,
and analytics is something
that you all probably
use in a website
at least because you want
to know what your user are
doing on the page.
However, to correctly
implement and relay
analytics in single-page
applications is really hard.
You need to be very aware
of which route changes are
happening and that
kind of thing.
So we're starting to
investigate solutions that
will help you with this also.
Then there's error reporting.
So you probably all have
written bugs before,
and it's really hard to catch
bugs in production in websites
because it runs on a browser
that is not your own browser.
And because of that, you can't
see what users are doing.
So error reporting is very
important in that way.
So relaying errors
that happen is going
to be easier very soon too.
And all of these
improvements serve the goal
of making you and your team more
productive with good defaults
that can scale.
Another thing that I didn't
mention in this slide but we're
also working on
accessibility improvements
that report
accessibility issues that
help you solve them faster.
And we're not doing this alone.
As Shubhie and Houssein
have been explaining,
the Chrome team is
helping us in this effort.
So my team at ZEIT,
which is currently
four people, including me,
is working on Next more so
from the developer-experience
side of things.
The Chrome team is doing a lot
of performance improvements.
And besides that,
we're obviously
an open-source
project, so you can all
contribute to improving
the whole vision of Next.
And there have been
already many contributors,
over 830, that have been
involved in this project.
So one of them that I would
like specifically called out
is Giuseppe who has been
maintaining styled-jsx ever
since it was released as
an open-source contributor.
And I'd like to hand it back
to Shubhie now to end the talk.
SHUBHIE PANICKER: Cool.
I want to wrap up by saying
that all of this work
actually helps the web
platform and web APIs
as well because working
with these frameworks
on pragmatic solutions for
production apps actually
tells us what APIs are missing,
what APIs developers are
struggling with.
So this becomes a natural
funnel of use cases
back to the web platform.
And so this is the
end of our talk,
and I just want to leave
you with a few messages.
If you're an app
developer, please
consider reaching for a
fuller-featured web framework
instead of only thinking about
the bare-bones UI framework.
This will enable your
team to focus on features
and be more productive.
If you're a UI framework
or a web developer--
a web-framework developer,
please reach out
and consider investing some
time in a partnership with us.
We really want your input
on web platform APIs.
Collaborations are
two-way efforts,
and we're really seeking to
deepen our collaborations
with Vue, Ember,
Svelte, et cetera.
And anyway, finally if you
are in the tooling or bundling
space like responsible for
bundler, compiler, linter,
again, please consider
working with us closely.
We want your feedback.
And if it makes sense
for your project,
please consider applying
for the framework fund.
Thank you.
[APPLAUSE]
[MUSIC PLAYING]